Artist: Eminem
Album:  Recovery
Song:   W.T.P.
Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com 

[Intro: Eminem]
Yeah! Ohh!
Get up (where my trash at?)
I said get up!
(You know what happens when I'm with trash man)
Woo! Let's go

[Eminem]
Better watch, out, now cause here we come (come, come)
And we ain't stoppin until we see the mornin sun (sun, sun)
So give us room to do our thing cause we ain't come to hurt, no, one (one, one)
So e'rybody come and get up on the floor now and grab, some, one (one)

Man first of all I'm a boss, I just wanna get that across
Man even my dentist hates when I floss
Pull up to the club in a Pinto like it's a Porsche
Garbage bag for one of the windows, spray-painted doors
with the flames on 'em, Michigan plates and my name's on 'em
Baby Shady's here, come and get him if you dames want him
But he ain't stupid so quit tryin to run them games on him
He's immune to Cupid, why you tryin to put your claims on him?
Cause you won't do to me what you did to the last man
Now climb in back, try not to kick over the gas can
There's a half a gallon in it, that could be our last chance
we have of just gettin home, now can I get that lapdance?
She's got a tattoo of me right above her ass, man
In the streets of Warren, Michigan we call 'em tramp stamps
That means she belongs to me, time to put the damn clamps
down and show this hussy who's the man, now get amped, dance!

[Chorus: Eminem]
Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody
Ain't nuttin but a white trash party (white trash party)
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks it ain't no one but us trash
You don't know ya better ask somebody
Cause we're havin a white trash party (white trash party)

[Eminem]
Pull a fifth of Bacardi from out of my underwear
And walk around the party without a care like a body without a head
Lookin like a zombie from "Night of the Livin' Dead"
And tomorrow I'll probably still be too high to get out of bed
'Til I feel like I've been hit with the sharp part of the hammer
Mixin Hennessy and Fanta with Pepto and Mylanta
I shoot the gift like I'm hollerin "Die Santa"
Missed the tree and hit Rudolph and two innocent bystanders (yeah!)
So quit tryin to play the +Wall+ like you're Paul and
get on the floor when the beat drops and stop stallin
They call me the Stephon Marbury of rap darling
Cause as soon as they throw on some R. Kelly I start ballin
Makin it rain for the ladies in the mini's
But I'm not throwin ones, five, tens or even twenties
I'm throwin quarters, nickels, dimes, pennies up at Skinny's
Man I do this for them bunnies up at Denny's
From the North, East and West but when it comes to them trailers in them +South Parks+
Muffle it, cause homie that hood's tighter than Kenny's
So ladies if your belly button's not an innie then I'm outtie
Now hop in my mini-van, let's get rowdy, c'mon

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Now whether you're black, white or purple if you're misunderstood
But you don't give a fuck, you ain't doin shit that you should
Long as you know you're up to evil and you're no damn good
Get on the flo' mayne and rep yo' hood
Now honey don't let them pricks trip, we should make a quick dip
and go do some donuts in the hospital parkin lot, cause girl I got a sick whip
Kick the back window out of my Gremlin
Put two milk crates in the trunk, rip out the stick shift
And, make a five-seater, I'll be damned if I feed a 
chick, it ain't like me to split a piece of dry pita
I'll be the S-L to the I-M to the S-H-A-D-Y
and I don't need a tanktop to be a wife beater
I'll rip a tree out the ground and flip it upside-down
'fore I turn over a new leaf clown, I'll tell you now
I'm so raw I still need to un-thaw, you feel me y'all?
I'll shut the club down like Drake in the mall!
But baby a body like that's against the law
You the baddest little "chain" with the blades I ever "saw"
Coleslaw containers, empty straw wrappers and all
You got more junk in your trunk than I do in my car
Now git up!

[Chorus]