Artist: Eminem
Album:  Relapse
Song:   3 A.M.
Typed by: rockbottomer@hotmail.com

[Intro]
There is no escaping,
There's no place to hide
You scream "someone save me!"
But they don't pay no mind
Goodnight, goodbye
 
[Verse 1]
You're walking down a horror corridor
It's almost 4 in the morning and you're in a nightmare
It's horrible, right there's the coroner
Waiting for you to turn the corner so he can corner ya, you're a goner
He's onto ya, out the corner of his cornea, he just saw you run
All ya want is to rest cause you can't run anymore, you're done
All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience
While everybody is watching in the party, applauding it
Here I sit while I'm caught up in deep thought again
Contemplating my next plot again
Swallowing a Klonopin while I'm nodding in and out on the ottoman 
At the Ramada Inn, holding onto the pill bottle, then
Lick my finger and swirl it round the bottom and make sure I got all of it
Wake up naked at McDonald's with, blood all over me
Dead bodies behind the counter, shit
Guess I must have just blacked out again, not again
 
[Chorus x2]
It's 3 A.M. in the morning
Put my key in the door
Bodies laying all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must have killed 'em, killed 'em
I said...
 
[Verse 2]
Sitting nude in my living room, it's almost noon
I wonder what's on the tube, maybe they'll show some boobs
Surfing every channel until I find Hannah Montana
Then I reach for the Aloe and Lanolin
Bust all over the wall panelling
Dismantling every candle, on top of the fireplace mantling
Grab my flannel and my bandana then kiss the naked mannequin man again
You can see him standing in my front window, would you look in?
I'm just a hooligan who's used to using hallucinogens
Causing illusions again, brain contusions again
Cutting and bruising the skin, raise the scissors and pins
Jesus when does it end, phases that I go through
Dazed and I'm so confused, days that I don't know who
Gave these molecules to me, what am I gon' do
Hey the prodigal son, the diabolical one
Very methodical when I slaughter them
 
[Chorus x2]
It's 3 A.M. in the morning
Put my key in the door
Bodies laying all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must have killed 'em, killed 'em
I said...
 
[Bridge x2]
She puts the lotion in the bucket
It puts the lotion on the skin
Or else it gets the hose again
 
[Verse 3]
I dump and I slash, slice and gash last night was a blast
I can't quite remember when I had that much fun
Off a half pint of the Jack, my last Vic' and a half
A Fleshlight of Kim Kardashian's ass
I remember the first time I dismembered a family member
December I think it was, I was having drinks with my cousin
I wrapped him in Christmas lights, pushed him into the stinking tub
Cut him up into pieces and just when I went to drink his blood
I thought I ought to drink his bath water, that ought to be fun
That's when my days of serial murder manslaughter begun
The sight of blood excites me, that might be an artery son
Your bloodcurdling screams, just don't seem to bother me none
It's 3 A.M. and here I come, so you should probably run 
A secret passageway around here, man there's gotta be one
Oh no, there's probably none, he can scream all that he wants
Top of his lungs, there ain't no stopping me from chopping him up, up
Cause it was..
 
[Chorus x2]
It's 3 A.M. in the morning
Put my key in the door
Bodies laying all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must have killed 'em, killed 'em
I said...